Deploy kutt to prod with terraform and helm (#1)
KaveTech/kutt: README.md

# How to deploy to production (Kave Version):
This repository holds the helm chart's custom values we used to deploy self-managed Kutt on Kubernetes.

Also, we are using Terraform to provision a CloudSQL instance for the Kutt database.

## Prerequisites
### service-account.json
At 1Password look for "Terraform Service Account for Kave Tech Services", copy and paste it at the `terrafom/kutt/` folder. Name it `service-account.json`.

Once it is done, `cd` to the `terrafom/kutt/` folder and perform a `terraform init`.

## Apply terraform
```
terraform apply
```
Wait until terraform finish.

> Go to GCP on secret manager, view the secret named url_shortener_password and copy the database password to vault kave-tech-services/show/url-shortener ->  DATABASE_PASSWORD key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to GCP on secret manager, view the secret named url_shortener_password and copy the database password to vault k8s/kv/kave-tech-services/url-shortener ->  DATABASE_PASSWORD key.
```

> ## Now let's use helm 

Reviewer: If I run this command on the root of the project, the `.` means nothing. Where should I `cd` to?
